Help2guides (#2373)
openmicroscopy/ome-documentation: omero/developers/Web/WebGateway.rst

.. note::

    The OMERO.web client also supports URLs linking to specified data in

>     OMERO. See the :help:`OMERO.web User guides <>` for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    OMERO. See the :help:`OMERO.figure User guide <figure/docs/omero_figure.html>` for more details.
```
